We built a single neuron in the previous video.
In this video, we are going to join different neurons together to create a multilayer Perceptron.
So as before, we are going to start with using flux and we are going to have a very simple model.
So we are going to have one by one for the first layer.
These are the words for the first layer and these are devices.
And our model is very simply or our layer is very simply going to be layer one is WAAX plus B1.
So that's our first layer.
OK, now typically after a layer has done the linear computation, you apply some sort of a squishing
function to that.
And one of the most typical functions is the sigmoid function.
So that is built into flux.
So you can say sigmoid sigma of zero is zero point five sigma if one is point seven and Sigma minus
one is point two.
So you can type this as Sigma Hattab and it turns into sigma.
So this is building.
Now what we can say is you define L1 X as first, you do the layer one computation.
So this computation over here and then whatever output you get out, you apply squishing function to
it.
OK.
And this is the broadcast, so we applied this question to all the different values.
It works out very well.
OK, so that is all there is to it, very clean.
Nice code.
OK, so we have 11 now.
Similarly, we can define and do as W2 and B2.
This is going to be Alerta and layer two is not going to have a squishing function.
It depends on what you're trying to do here.
We are not going to squish the second layer.
So whenever you want to define the model, your model is going to be first.
We are going to do a one on X and then we are going to apply L2.
We don't have a squishing function.
If we did, we would have defined as scooching function over here as well.
So that's all there is to it.
Now what you can do is you can take a random five element vector and pass it to the model and you get
the forward pass in an instance like.
So you get this forward pass over here, you get two values over here, because that five element collective
is going to be multiplied with this.
You are going to get three values out and those are going to be squished.
And then these three values are going to go in and two values are going to come out.
And that is why we have these two values over here.
So if you're not sure about the mathematics, you can go ahead and look at this.
But this is all there is word you are multiplying the matrices together and then adding a vector to
it.
OK, right.
So this code looks slightly messy even now.
So let's go ahead and clean this up.
So our linear layer is going to be a function.
We are going to define it as a function.
So not as this layer is simply a function.
It's a layer which defines the number of nodes or the number of values coming in and the number of values
going out.
OK, there is going to be around end of outcome in notice that this is reversed.
Like I said, five comes in, three goes out.
OK, so we are going to reverse this because for us humans, it's much easier to write the values first
and outproduce that I'm going to run this and then you'll see what this means.
We are going to have B of random values and X is going to be simply this multiplication over here and
this is going to be written.
OK, so let's do this.
The reason this is a function, this is defined as a function is that this function is going to be sent
back.
So linear five comma three is going to be a function.
When you say linear five comma three, it gives you not a value back, but a function that you can later
on call eight.
So if you say linear five three, it gives you a function back.
Right.
And what this is five nodes coming in or going out.
OK, now linear one is going to be linear five comma three.
What this means is our first layer is going to be a linear linear in which five values are going to
come in and three values are going to go up.
The second layer obviously has to have three values coming in and it can have any number of values going
out.
We are defining this as to this three, and this three has to be the same because layer one is going
to connect to layer two.
OK, so let's do that.
So now we have linear linear to the good thing over here is because we have defined these as functions,
we can extract their local values out as well.
So you can say linear under W, it's very easy.
These are called closures, by the way, in case you're interested, when you can access the local variables
of different functions based on this.
So it's not all that important.
Now, what our model is going to be is as before we are going to do the linear on the X and then we
are going to squish it and then we are going to do the linear two over here.
Right.
So now this is the whole code that we have, very clean and nice.
So this is our model.
We can take our dummy data over here and send this to the model.
And this is going to work out perfectly well.
OK, and even easier way to write this can be you do the linear one X, you apply the squishing function.
Whatever value you get out, you pipe it to linear, too.
So this is exactly the same as this, except now this looks a lot more sequential.
So instead of this function composition in which Linear two is written first, but later, it looks
kind of weird.
This is much more easier to read.
So you apply linear one X, you squish it and then you pass it to linear two.
And if you had more layers over here, you could pipe them as.
We need three and so on and so forth, it would make a lot more sense, but for now we have just two
years so we can do that.
We can say Model B of X, exactly the same thing.
OK, now we have defined this linear layer ourselves by flux already comes in with these layers.
We have done this by hand over here so that you understand how easy it is to create your own type of
layers.
Later on, you can go ahead and access everything that is in your neural network using this very simple
index network and look at the layers already provided in flux.
So a couple of examples so we can say using flux, we can go ahead and just restart.
OK, so these are going on clearer, Longport, so that you're sure that we are using this X over here.
So we are using Flux X a little bit of time and then we can say layer one is equal to dence then five
and the activation function is sigma something number of values going in, a number of values going
out and the squishing function.
So we defined this up above.
Here we are using the pre-built lit by this tense has been defined exactly the same way that we have
defined this linear Obadi.
So nothing new, just a little bit easier for us to work with.
We can go ahead and use this index or an easier Syntex would be to use the chain function.
It does exactly the same thing as this guy over here, the pipe symbol.
But again, depends on what you like.
For some, this is much easier to read.
And for some this over here.
This is the common method for flux.
So I'm going to stick with this.
So we change the layers.
The first layer is going to be identically in which ten values are going to come out.
Fi values are going to go out.
OK, so the input shape has to return.
The number of nodes is five.
So five values go out in the next layer.
We are going to have five values coming in and the number of nodes is too small to values go out and
then we apply the softmax, which you would be familiar with.
So this is built in as well.
So we run that.
This is our model and now we can say model two on this random variables.
When you run that, you get a forward pass out.
In this video we have take a look at how to create multiple layers for our dealer network.
In the next video, we are going to take these building blocks and apply them on amnesty.
So amnesty, as you might be aware, is a very common problem in learning machine learning.
And we are going to use the Flux Library to do amnesty classification.
So that's in the next video.